 Wang Lin/Avatar and Clones Explanation | Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki | Fandom Sign In Create a Free Account Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Wiki Content Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin/Cultivation Explanation Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Wang Lin/Quotes Wang Lin Wang Lin/Personality Wang Lin/Items Ge Hong Books Infobox book/doc Infobox book Episodes Infobox episode/doc Infobox episode Community Help Sign In Don't have an account? Create a Free Account Sign In Home Explore Saved Progress History Utilities More Advertisement Skip to content Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki 16 pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Wiki Content Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin/Cultivation Explanation Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Wang Lin/Quotes Wang Lin Wang Lin/Personality Wang Lin/Items Ge Hong Books Infobox book/doc Infobox book Episodes Infobox episode/doc Infobox episode Community Help Wang Lin/Avatar and Clones Explanation < Wang Lin Sign In to Save Save Edit History Purge Talk (0) Avatar Explanation : [ ] Originated from the Divine Path Technique of the War Shrine Sect, the Avatar lose his limit of time during his breakthrought in Nascent Soul. There is no primary or secondary body between the original and the avatar; both are Wang Lin. It is as if he is split in half. When they fuse, they will become the real Wang Lin. The Avatar cultivate in the normal way while the original body sink deep into the ground to absord the spiritual energy and make his body stronger. While the Avatar is a normal human that practice inner cultivation, the main body, him, is a real Ancient God (with a poor bloodline) that focus on cultivating the body (outer cultivation). Clones Explanation [ ] Clones are in fact the final stage the essence comprehension. Indeed, at some point, Wang Lin could had have a clone for each essence he cultivate to the maximum. Only, he fuse them to make them stronger witch gave him the well known Slaughter Clone and another one called Five Elements. As they are clones, they are NOT other characters, they are just Wang Lin with different skills sets/powers. Slaughter True Body : Lightning True Body + Slaughter True Body + Restriction True Body + Absolute Beginning True Body + Absolute End True Body = Slaughter True Body (Representing Wang Lin's lifetime of murder) (All Black appearances) He was given independence and sent back in time by Wang Lin to find a method in order to resurrect Li Muwan. After her resurrection, Slaughter cancelled his own intelligence and merged back with Wang Lin. Five Elements : True Body of Fire + True Body of Water + True Body of Earth + True Body of Metal + True Body of Wood = Five Elements True Body (Representing Wang Lin's lifetime of cultivation) Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. Comments Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Explore properties Fandom Fanatical GameSpot Metacritic TV Guide Honest Entertainment Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? Essentials About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Digital Services Act Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki is a Fandom Books Community. View Mobile Site Search this wiki Search all wikis 