 Wang Lin/Items | Xian Ni Wikia | Fandom Sign In Create a Free Account Xian Ni Wikia Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Characters Wang Lin Techniques Relationships Cultivation Items Fights Male Wang Hao Wang Zhuo Wang Ping Situ Nan Teng Huayuan Zhang Hu Hui Bing Female Zhou Rui Li Muwan Zhou Ru Hongdie Li Qian Mei Qing Yi Leng Sheng Friends Situ Nan Qing Shui Liu Mei Li Qian Mei Antagonistic All-Seer Teng Huayuan Sun Dazhu Daoist Water Lian Daozhen Su Dao Yan Leizi Universe Cultivation Sects Xuan Dao Sect Fighting Evil Sect Soul Refining Sect Heavenly Fate Sect Heng Yue Sect Cloud Sky Sect Blue Silk Clan Clans Wang Clan Teng Clan Tattoo Clan Forsaken Immortal Clan Moon Devourer Clan Scatter Thunder Clan Fire Sparrow Clan Locations Hou Fen Sea of Devils Heng Yue Sect Immortal Astral Continent Blue Pine Peaks Planet Qing Ling Planet Tian Yun Novel Data Author Novel Books Book 1 Book 2 Book 3 Book 4 Book 5 Book 6 Book 7 Book 8 List of Chapters Read RI Read RI MTL Must Read Again Community Editing Policies Stubbed Articles Popular Pages Wang Lin Master Flamespark Renegade Immortal All-Seer Li Muwan Qing Shui Liu Mei Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin Li Yuan Teng Xiu Xiu Master Flamespark/Image Gallery Master Flamespark Dao Realm Soul Formation Sign In Don't have an account? Create a Free Account Sign In Home Explore Saved Progress History Utilities More Advertisement Skip to content Xian Ni Wiki 2,218 pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Characters Wang Lin Techniques Relationships Cultivation Items Fights Male Wang Hao Wang Zhuo Wang Ping Situ Nan Teng Huayuan Zhang Hu Hui Bing Female Zhou Rui Li Muwan Zhou Ru Hongdie Li Qian Mei Qing Yi Leng Sheng Friends Situ Nan Qing Shui Liu Mei Li Qian Mei Antagonistic All-Seer Teng Huayuan Sun Dazhu Daoist Water Lian Daozhen Su Dao Yan Leizi Universe Cultivation Sects Xuan Dao Sect Fighting Evil Sect Soul Refining Sect Heavenly Fate Sect Heng Yue Sect Cloud Sky Sect Blue Silk Clan Clans Wang Clan Teng Clan Tattoo Clan Forsaken Immortal Clan Moon Devourer Clan Scatter Thunder Clan Fire Sparrow Clan Locations Hou Fen Sea of Devils Heng Yue Sect Immortal Astral Continent Blue Pine Peaks Planet Qing Ling Planet Tian Yun Novel Data Author Novel Books Book 1 Book 2 Book 3 Book 4 Book 5 Book 6 Book 7 Book 8 List of Chapters Read RI Read RI MTL Must Read Again Community Editing Policies Stubbed Articles Popular Pages Wang Lin Master Flamespark Renegade Immortal All-Seer Li Muwan Qing Shui Liu Mei Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin Li Yuan Teng Xiu Xiu Master Flamespark/Image Gallery Master Flamespark Dao Realm Soul Formation Contents 1 Weapons 2 Treasures 2.1 Cultivation 2.2 Ancient Order Treasures 2.3 Tattoo Tribe Treasures 2.4 Wang Lin Dao / Spell Treasures 2.5 Celestial Treasures 2.6 Pseudo Nirvana Void 2.7 Seven-Colored Realm Treasures 2.8 Vermilion Bird Treasures 2.9 Puppet Treasures 2.10 Restriction Treasures 2.11 One Time Use Treasures 2.12 Other Treasures 3 References in: Wang Lin Wang Lin/Items < Wang Lin 3 Sign In to Save Save Edit History Purge Talk (0) Overview Cultivation Items Techniques Relationships Fights Image Gallery Quotes Contents 1 Weapons 2 Treasures 2.1 Cultivation 2.2 Ancient Order Treasures 2.3 Tattoo Tribe Treasures 2.4 Wang Lin Dao / Spell Treasures 2.5 Celestial Treasures 2.6 Pseudo Nirvana Void 2.7 Seven-Colored Realm Treasures 2.8 Vermilion Bird Treasures 2.9 Puppet Treasures 2.10 Restriction Treasures 2.11 One Time Use Treasures 2.12 Other Treasures 3 References Weapons [ ] Wealth - Wang Lin's first flying sword. It is later revealed to have a much more mysterious origin than originally thought. Core-Treasure Sword(Teleportation) --> Dark Green Flying Sword(Poison) The Dragon Formation (gifted by Li MuWan , based on the formation at the Fighting Evil Sect ) God Slaying Spear (Illusory) Ancient God Trident (Destroyed) Karma Whip (Karma Domain) 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp (Magic Arsenal Spell) Rain Celestial Sword (Mid Quality) ( Xu Liguo ) Crystal Sword (Pseudo Nirvana Void ) (Destroyed) Short Sword Half-Moon Blade (Offensive) Axe of Giant Demon Clan (Destroyed) Celestial Sword --> Rain Celestial Sword Rusted Iron Sword (Pseudo Nirvana Void)(Destroyed) Seven-Colored Nail (Pseudo Nirvana Void) Crystal Sword (Pseudo Nirvana Void) Blood Slaughter Sword - One of the Seven Swords of the Ancient Dao. Yin Blade Treasures [ ] Cultivation [ ] Treasure Novel Donghua Details Heaven Defying Bead 8 Season 1 Episode 2 Slaughter Sword 1561 Qing Shui 's Slaughter Sword he created from his slaughter essence when he reached the third-step. Wang Lin used it to complete his slaughter essence. [ 1 ] Lightning Sword 1625 Essence Treasure Fire Sword Life and Death Sword Karma Sword True and False Sword Slaughter Sword Restriction Sword 1715 Ancient Order Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Details Scattered Devil Armour 610 Took from a Scattered Devil while he was in the Demon Spirit Land . In the Cloud Sea Star System it is a exclusive armour of the God Sect known as the Divine Devil Armour. Expand Status: Sold -- (Chapter 1178 - Qualification) Ancient God Leather Armour Ancient God Treasure 758 It is a Origin Soul defensive treasure made from the skin of a 8-star Anceint God. Ancient God Furnace 838 It was created by Tu Si but he discarded because it wasn't to his satisfactory. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1226 - Are You the Sovereign?) Azure Ancient God Shield 980 Life-saving spell, Dream of Ancient Times. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1082) Restored -- (Chapter 1626 - The Third One?) Restored using the power of the Void Gate. Ancient God Trident 1082 It is a weapon Tu Si refined and planned to finish after he was done cultivation the spell that lead to his death. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1277 - Rebirth) It was destroyed by Daoist Water . Blood Slaughter Sword 1290 One of the Seven Swords of the Ancient Dao Fog Devil Lance Ancient Devil Treasure 1386 Emperor Furnace Royal Ancient God Treasure (Cave World) Protection Bone Tablets (Gaunlets) Ancient God Treasure Transform to a gauntlet with a 8-star ancient god life-saving spell in it. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1580 - Fierce Battle!) Restored -- (Chapter 1626 - The Third One?) Restored using the power of the Void Gate. Ancient Leaft 1st - 1387 This yellow leaf looked very ordinary, without anything strange about it. However once it is used it releases a powerful sealing force. Grandmaster Yun Luo predicted that there were 99 of them. (Later, a few dozen were used to seal the ancient door passage that led to the Immortal Astral Continent .) 2nd - 1449 x18 - 1460 Devil Soul Bottle Ancient Devil Treasure 1388 Contains a number of Ancient Devil souls. Ling Dong Ancient Slave 1450 Half-step third-step cultivator Esteemed Ling Dong was refined into an ancient slave using the Emperor Furnace. Zhou Jin 1470 He later got freed when Wang Lin got injured. [ 2 ] Giant Head Skull of a Ancient Clansman The head that he took from the Ancient Tomb that has trees on its head that produces Ancient Leaves. Demon Blade, Earth Burial Royal Ancient Demon Treasure (Cave World) 1497 Heaven Splitting Axe Ancestral Royal Weapon (Cave World) 1664 Was one of the Realm Sealing Formation 's formation spirit. Wang Lin subdued it when he destroyed the formation. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1763 - Ambushed!) Tattoo Tribe Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Wither Dao Pair Attack 774 Tattoo Talisman Speed Boost ?? Beast Skin Tattoo ?? Wang Lin Dao / Spell Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Underworld River Life and Death Domain 604 Karma Whip Karma Domain 731 18 Hell Celestial Sealing Stamp Magic Arsenal Spell 915 Celestial Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Details God Slaying War Chariot Low Quality 307 Ep 67 Expand Status: Given to Situ Nan so that he would at least have a treasure to defend himself on his journey of revenge. Given Away -- (Chapter 441 — Zhuque Zi’s madness (1)) Mid Quality (Lightning Beast) Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1276 - Counter Attack!) Destroyed in his fight with Daoist Water . High Quality (Butterfly) Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1276 - Counter Attack!) Restored -- (Chapter 1626 - The Third One?) Restored using the power of the Void Gate. Celestial Capture Net Entrapment 624 After getting the Celestial Capture Net, Wang Lin never used it. Bronze Mirror with Time Domain 662 They were made by Wang Lin on Planet Ran Yun , with the idea of selling them for some celestial spirit jades. - [Pseudo Celestial Treasures] Expand Status: Bronze Mirror -> Sold -- (Chapter 664 — Missed) Sword -> Sold -- (Chapter 665 — Warning) Sword with Teleportation Spell Hairpin with Thousand Illusion Ruthless Domain Black comb, nineteen teeth, there is a formation on it Attacking 672 One of the two magical treasures in the Huang Family member's bag of holding. - [Pseudo Celestial Treasure] Mountain and River Screen Defensive 717 Wang Lin stoled it from Greed as they were escaping from the Moongazer Serpent. Heaven Tiger Flag 879 Big Boi Technique Li Guang's Bow Attacking 1533 Li Guang's Arrow 1577 Pseudo Nirvana Void [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Status Rusted Iron Sword Upper Nirvana Void Treasure 1043 Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1193 - A Bloody Battle Against Master Ashen Pine!) Seven-Colored God Void Nails Seven-Coloured Realm Treasure 1196 Crystal Sword Seven-Colored Realm Treasures [ ] Treasure Novel Donghua Details Jade Bottle with black liquid 1191 The bottle was half-filled with a black liquid. It looked like blood but didn’t give off the smell of blood. Blood Nascent Soul 1194 Short Sword 1st: 1187 One was black the other one was white. There were nine seals on each one and after undoing the seals will allow the swords to produce millions of sword shadows. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1273 - Arrival!) They were destroyed during Wang Lin's first fight with Daoist Water . Restored -- (Chapter ?) After Wang Lin's fight with Daoist Water, the pervious Lord of the Sealed Realm restored it. 2nd: 1223 Vermilion Bird Treasures [ ] Treasure Novel Donghua Details Cloak of Vermilion Bird Divine Emperor 1090 The cloak of the Vermillion Bird Divine Emperor that has been passed down for generations. Vermilion Bird Holy Token The identification of generations of Vermillion Bird Divine Emperors. Holy Treasure (White Stone) The most important thing of my Vermillion Bird Divine Sect, the Holy Treasure. Expand Status: Returned -- (Chapter 1124 - Parting) After saving the Azure Dragon Divine Emperor , he made Wang Lin returned the Holy Treasure. Emerald / Jade Bracelet Puppet Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Details Celestial Guard Copper Rank 653 Due to Wang Ling adding the heavenly ghost it is comparable to a Illusionary Yin cultivator. Expand Status: Exploded -- (Chapter 762 — Chance (1)) Silver Rank 707 Wang Lin refined Thunder Daoist into a celestial guard. Expand Status: Shattered -- (Chapter 717 - Thunder Prison (2)) 815 Ta Shan , who is a member of the Chosen Immortal Clan was dying so Wang Lin proposed refining him into a celestial guard in hopes of him being able to survive. Expand Status: Freed -- (Chapter 1025 — Tattoo Clan Divine Ancestor) The celestial guard seal was forcefully removed by the Tattoo Clan 's Ancestor . Silver Poison Female Corpse Refined Corpse 930 Got during the war between the Alliance and Allheaven. Her strength is at the early stage of Nirvana Cleanser . Later it was revealed she was the maid of the Seven-Coloured Celestial Sovereign and she still has her memories of that time. She can think and do stuff on her own. Yi Si Puppet 1774 Got from the Ancient Tomb's second floor. Restriction Treasures [ ] Treasure Type Novel Donghua Details Restriction Breaking Ancient Mirror 774 Heart Compass Annihilation Restriction Inheritance Treasure 858 Ancient Soul Restriction Tortoise Beast 1426 Given by the old Vermillion bird in the Fallen Land Soul Devil Ship 1789 A ship made up of the four great restrictions and many other restrictions. Isolation Restriction Compass 1850 Took from the beautiful woman from the Green Devil Continent at the pill sea. Contains the Devil Restriction Sect’s Devil Isolation Restriction. Expand Status: Discarded -- (Chapter 1864 - The Cicada Sheds its Carapace) He got rid of it because someone was using it to pin port his location. One Time Use Treasures [ ] Treasure Novel Donghua Details Lu Fu Blood Balls 1st: 947 x6: 1095 Ji Qiong's Head 1127 Green Fragment with the Power of Heaven Blood-Red Nascent Soul 1194 Beads from the Seven-Colored Realm 1197 Regardless of the size, weight, and even aura, they were exactly the same as the Heaven Defying Bead. The only difference was that these beads didn’t have the five elements pattern, only a faint, blurred pattern. 'Heaven Dao' Crystal Other Treasures [ ] Treasure Novel Donghua Details Wealth Basic Formation Book After mastering it Wang Lin still kept the book. Sword Sheaths Wang Lin obtained 5 of these sword sheaths. Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Devils Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter ?) Half-Moon Blade Wang Lin got this within the Cultivation Planet Crystal of Planet Suzaku . - [Offensive] Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. 3x Ink Stones Wang Lin used them to create Restriction Flags. Restriction Flag 1st: Wang Lin left it incomplete so the he would be able to summon divine tribulation in the face of danger. 2nd: It was made with a mixture of different restrictions. 3rd: It was a pure attack restriction flag. Three Purple Flags It was a defensive treasure. Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Soul Flag A soul flag of the Soul Refining Sect . Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Billion Soul Flag The one billion soul flag of the Soul Refining Sect. - [Inheritance Treasure] Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Carving with the Domain of Time. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter ?) Straw Hat A treasure that could block out divine senses. Wang Lin got it from Yunque Zi . Expand Status: Given to someone -- (Chapter 965 — Ling Er) Wang Lin gifted it to Master Yi Chen 's granddaughter, Ling'er . A Bell A treasure that had the ability of Sealing and tracking. Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Star Compass Wang Lin got it from Chi Hu when they were both in the Rain Celestial Realm . Expand Status: Upgraded -- (Chapter 477 — Arriving at Tian Yun) Silver Dragon Star Compass After Wang Lin upgraded the star compass it became the sliver dragon star compass. Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Three Bells Shield It was a defensive treasure. Expand Status: Given to someone -- (Chapter 965 — Ling Er) Wang Lin gifted it to Master Yi Chen 's granddaughter, Ling'er . Soul Lasher Expand Status: Fused -- (Chapter ?) Wang Lin fused it with his Karma Dao making it the Karma Whip . Blood Jades Got from Yao Xixue 's bag of holding. Expand Status: It was used previously but not anymore. Celestial Wine Wang Lin got the jug within one of Qing Lin 's false caves in the Demon Spirit Land . Expand Status: Used -- (Chapter ?) Seven Star Sword Formation It is formed from seven of the twelve swords that Ling Tianhou 's disciples used. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 715 — Escape Escape Escape!) Divine Soul Brush / The Pen of Immortal Touch / Golden Celestial Brush 625 Created by Qing Lin as a gift to his daughter, Qing Shuang . Expand Status: Given Away -- (Chapter 1178 - Qualification) It was given to Li Qian Mei . Pair of metal element Flints 672 Naturally formed treasure. Celestial Mountain Soul 712 Expand Status: After it collapsed due to it's soul exploding, Wang Lin gathered the remaining pieces and condensed it. Seeing as it became a useless treasure in his storage space he decided to auctioned it off. Soul Exploded -- (Chapter 853 — Blood Swallow) Sold -- (Chapter 1177 - Divine Devil Armor) Celestial Emperor Crown 717 A shining crown, it was like the crown of a mortal emperor with five jewels socketed in it. The powers of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth suddenly flowed from the crown. Wang Ling was able to use it due to the blue rose Red Butterfly left him. A Dagger 747 Wang Lin got it from a woman named Ge Hong in the Thunder Celestial Realm . Ever since Wang Lin got it he has never once used it. Blood Pavilion 1st: 765 Wang Lin took the first one from the Blood Ancestor 's Blood Planet and he got the second one from the Ancient Demon that occupied the Blood God 's soul. 2nd: 1507 Fragment Stamp 769 During Wang Lin's breakthrough to the illusory yin stage within the Thunder Celestial Realm, Divine Tribulation descended onto the the Fragment he was on and refined it into a treasure. After he further refined it into the Celestial Sealing Stamp . Blood Ancestor 's Blood Body 769 Expand Status: Exploded -- (Chapter 789 — Acting) Wang Lin exploded it. Collection Pavilion 784 Took from the Thunder Celestial Realm. It has various celestial spells stored within. Heaven-Avoiding Coffin 819 Wang Lin placed Li Muwan 's soul inside. A Jade 871 Wang Lin got this from Xi Zifeng . This jade could defend against powerful thunder. It was obviously an important self-defense treasure she possessed. Wood Carving 931 It was very strange carving that depicted a person with folded arms surrounded by plants. It was impossible to see the face, as it was covered by plants. It use to belong to Black Fiend Devil Saint, who used to to define against the Moongazer Serpent's Ancient God's finger. After it was left half-broken Wang Lin took it. Dark Heaven Stone 965 Wang Lin got this from Master Yi Chen and according to him, when cultivators reach their level, they would need Dark Heaven Stones to store divine sense to create an avatar or store power spells to use. Battle Scrolls x3: 1095 Zhan Family 's battle scrolls Emerald Bracelet 1178 Got from Li Qian Mei under the premise of it was the last of the three treasure she had to give Wang Lin for answering her three questions. - [Protective Treasure] A Broken Statue 1389 This statue looked very ordinary and there were many damaged parts. It was a carving of a person, but they had a strange appearance. This person looked like a middle-aged man wearing a cloud pattern robe. He had a plain appearance but gave off a sense of majesty. The sense of majesty wasn’t strong and didn’t terrify you, but when Wang Lin’s gaze made contact with the statue’s gaze, his entire body trembled! It is depicting the Ancient Celestial Emperor . Nine drops of poison 1460 Refined from the Joss Flames of Dao Master Miao yin and Great Desolation's poison. Expand Status: Used -- (Chapter 1526 - Nan Zhao Dies!) Earth Palace 1478 It is the earth of the heaven, earth and human palaces of Ye Mo 's Inheritance. Fate Sealing Ring 1631 Sealed within the divine retribution. Ghostly Sail (Ghost Sail) 1699 The main sail for the Soul Devil Ship. The sail is not simply that ghostly face, it also contains many restrictions. These restrictions include everything about the Soul Devil Ship. Used by Fan Shanmeng to cast the multi-layered illusion spell on Wang Lin and her sister, Fan Shanlu . Gui Yi Sect 's Armour 1735 Took it for the Water General of Planet Five Elements . Palm-sized piece of ice 1768 Ice from the imitation Dong Ling Pool in the cave world that was created by Seven Coloured Celestial Sovereign. Had Ye Mo 's left arm in it. Golden Print 1772 The Sovereign 's god destruction dao spell that was turned from illusion to corporeal making it into a treasure by Xuan Luo . This spell had been used by the Sovereign at full power, so its strength was the same as the Sovereign using the spell himself. And due to it being created by Xuan Luo, it contained a hint of the Nine Suns’ power. As a result, this treasure was indestructible! Blue Umbrella 1835 Won in a bet with Yan Lu . - [Defensive Treasure] Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1869 - Upheaval!) Soul Gourd 1836 Won in a bet with Yan Lu . This is a treasure from the ninth ancestor, Luo Yunhai, of the Great Soul Sect . He gathered 1 billion dao souls within, however and it’s now broken, but it still has 30 million dao souls inside. Although it can only be used once, it can launch an attack equal to a peak mid stage Void Tribulant cultivator. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1869 - Upheaval!) Space Stone 1838 At the cost of one pocket of space in the space stone, you can take out one item from your storage space without damage. However, not more than once; otherwise, the cluster of space will become unstable and will then collapse. This is only one use of the space rock. It has another role: to nurture a Heavenly Dao. - (1/3 promised gifts from the founder of the Great Soul Sect) A Jade This jade was formed by founder's lifetime of cultivating the Soul Eye Dao. It can allow Wang Lin to see the changes in the Immortal Astral Continent once, or it can divinate one thing for him. But only once. - (2/3 promised gifts from the founder of the Great Soul Sect) Expand Status: Used -- (Chapter 2023 - Filled with Rage (2)) A drop of crystal clear water 1843 Water Essence Drop The founder refined 99 rivers in the Heavenly River Continent and also used a number of cultivators with water essences to nourish them. - (3/3 promised gifts from the founder of the Great Soul Sect) Ghost Sail 1854 Wang Lin refined his own sail to be used with the multi-layered illusion spell. Lanturn 1867 This was a simple protection treasure. It had no offensive power, but its protection was powerful. As long as the fire inside the lantern didn’t extinguish, the user’s origin soul wouldn’t die! You could even nourish the origin soul with it. It was like feeding pills to the origin soul, slowly strengthening it. If it were refined into the body and made to guard one’s origin soul, the soft light could surround one’s body. This would give the user’s body an extra layer of protection. Got after killing Xu Decai from the Green Devil Continent. Heavenly Bull soul armour 1874 Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1989 - He, Lian Yunjue!) Human-shaped armour 1886 Gui Yi Sect 's Armour (Earth Element) This human-shaped armor was likely rare even in the Gui Yi Sect. Wang Lin didn’t know what price Old Ancestor Green Bull had paid to obtain one for him. Ghostly Sail The vice Ghostly Sail of the primary Ghost Sail that is used as the sect protection formation of the Great Soul Sect . Heavenly Bull Bead A tortoise shell The tortoise shell contained the entire map of the Eastern Continent. It was not very detailed, and the further from the Heavenly Bull Continent it was, the more vague it became. It was mostly just a rough outline and simple introduction. Yin Blade 1896 When Wang Lin was captured to become the Green Devil sacrifice, to impress the Green Devil, Ji Si implant this internal treasure in his right arm. Expand Status: Destroyed -- (Chapter 1979 - Bloody Battle!) References [ ] ↑ Chapter 1617 - This is the Celestial Immortal Continent ↑ Chapter ? Categories Categories : Wang Lin [Configure Reference Popups] Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. 3 Comments Join the conversation Sign in to read what others are saying and share your thoughts. SIGN IN Don't have account? Register now Advertisement Recent Images Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Explore properties Fandom Fanatical GameSpot Metacritic TV Guide Honest Entertainment Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? Essentials About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Digital Services Act Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Do Not Sell My Personal Information Community Community Central Support Help Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Xian Ni Wikia is a Fandom Anime Community. View Mobile Site Search this wiki Search all wikis This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accept Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. Privacy Policy Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices 