 Wang Lin/Items | Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki | Fandom Sign In Create a Free Account Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Wiki Content Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin/Cultivation Explanation Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Wang Lin/Quotes Wang Lin Wang Lin/Personality Wang Lin/Items Ge Hong Books Infobox book/doc Infobox book Episodes Infobox episode/doc Infobox episode Community Help Sign In Don't have an account? Create a Free Account Sign In Home Explore Saved Progress History Utilities More Advertisement Skip to content Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki 16 pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Wiki Content Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin/Cultivation Explanation Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki Wang Lin/Quotes Wang Lin Wang Lin/Personality Wang Lin/Items Ge Hong Books Infobox book/doc Infobox book Episodes Infobox episode/doc Infobox episode Community Help Wang Lin/Items < Wang Lin Sign In to Save Save Edit History Purge Talk (0) List of Items [ ] Combat [ ] Wealth : Wang Lin's first flying sword. It was made by a sect elder (Heng Yue Sect) and said to have unimaginable power. But in reality, this sword has been broken and rebuilt many times. However, because the elder had done much for the sect, his last will was to leave the sword here in hopes that it finds someone fitting in the future. Whoever chooses this sword must treat it well. If it breaks, it must be immediately repaired. If it’s sold, then the person who sold it will be kicked from the Heng Yue Sect !. (Destroyed by Teng Huayuan ) Core-Treasure Sword : Has a teleportation effect. Was blood refined by Wang Lin and took contless lives for him. The Dragon Formation (gifted by Li MuWan base on the formation at the Fighting Evil Sect ) 4 Sword Sheath : Mysterious Swords Sheath, the first one he found was appertaining to the new evil master of a former friend he made while he was still at the Heng Yue Sect (the one with the axe). Ji Realm : Later refined into a drop of blood like a treasure. Devils : The first one was Xu Liguo and after him was one that was the leader of a souls tornado , then a monkey belonging by a member of the Sky Cloud Sect. Devils are extremely cunning and gifted in possession. Wandering Souls : Are found in spatial rifts and obeyed to Soul-Devourers as a subject obeyed to a King. These souls are very strong. Carving of Domain of Time : Wang Lin carve it after having experienced the domain first hand with the help of Yunzhe Zi. It allows one to stop time for a brief duration. God Slaying Chariots : Found during his first expedition at the Celestial Realm. Straw Hat : Yunzhe Zi's gift to the ones he consider as potential candidates to the Title of Suzaku. Permit its user to hide his identity. A lot of restrictions are placed on it. Bell sealing/tracking : First shown during his time at the Celestial realm. Star Compass : Belongs at first to the Heir of the Giant Demon Clan but becames Wang Lin's item following an exchange between the two cultivators. It was further enhanced with the Ancient God memories. Is extremely useful to move very fast, it also doesn't demand energy. Greatly helpful for traveling but can only be utilized in space. Rename silver dragon star compass due to the beast it utilizes. Celestial Sword : Zhou Yi give one to Wang Lin under the premise that he keeps protecting the celestial corpse inside the pagoda. Half-Moon Blade : Saw it during his trip to the Cultivation Planet Crystal, in the Suzaku Tomb. This blade is extremy fast and at first, it obeyed because of Xu Liguo and treated him like an older brother. Three bells shield : Good protection treasure. Restriction Flag : Part of the Ancient God Inheritance. Billion Soul Flag : Ultimate treasure of the Soul Refining Sect. Soul Lasher Originally belongs to Red Butterfly but now owned by Wang Lin. A whip that is moving at warp speed and injure the origin soul. Axe of Giant Demon Clan : Stole by Wang Lin. Devil Armor :A pitch black armor that gave a demonic fell to the one who wears it. Wang Lin obtains it after killing a scattered devil under an ancient devil with the help of the Ancient Demon Bei Lou. Blood Jades : Wang Lin stole them from Yao Xixue. Underworld River : Wang Lin himself creates this treasure at the Early Ascendant Stage. Its formed by the Dao of Reincarnation belonging only to Wang Lin. Bronze Mirror with Time Domain (Pseudo celestial treasure) (Made by Wang Lin) Sword with Teleportation Spell (Pseudo celestial treasure) (Made by Wang Lin) Hairpin with Thousand Illusion Ruthless Domain (Pseudo celestial treasure) (Made by Wang Lin) Pair of metal element Flints (Naturally formed magical treasure) Rain Celestial Sword : Zhou Yi separated it from the other rain celestial swords, so now it belonged to Wang Lin to be inherited for eternity! Golden Celestial Brush : Wang Lin use it to form the strokes he learn in the trial of the fake caves he comes to with Yao Xixue. Copper Rank Celestial Guard ( Illusory Yin strength) : The same cultivator that gave him the brush and who was captured by his own Celestial Capture Net Huang Yu give him the method to create a celestial guard. These Puppets copy the Ancient Gods and fight only with their body and some spells that were created specially for them. Silver Rank Celestial Guard : The original cultivator is called Thunder Daoist and is a real messenger of the Thunder Celestial Temple. Celestial Wine : Wang Lin obtains it in the fake cave Yao Xixue and him went. Celestial Emperor Crown : Kill 9,999 mortal emperors and fuse their souls inside the crown to meet the requirements to activate it. Withered Dao Pair : Nine Beast Bones and the one with four Pikes is the item. It petrified and turn into a stone statue the cultivator who is his target. Fragment Stamp : This fragment was refined by the divine retribution that came for Wang Lin Illusionary Yin and Corporeal Yang stage. Cultivation [ ] Heaven Defying Bead Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. Comments Start a conversation Sign in to share your thoughts and get the conversation going. SIGN IN Don't have account? Register now Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Explore properties Fandom Fanatical GameSpot Metacritic TV Guide Honest Entertainment Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? Essentials About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Digital Services Act Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Do Not Sell My Personal Information Community Community Central Support Help Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Renegade Immortal Xian Ni Wiki is a Fandom Books Community. View Mobile Site Search this wiki Search all wikis This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accept Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. Privacy Policy Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices 