 Wang Lin/Techniques | Xian Ni Wikia | Fandom Sign In Create a Free Account Xian Ni Wikia Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Characters Wang Lin Techniques Relationships Cultivation Items Fights Male Wang Hao Wang Zhuo Wang Ping Situ Nan Teng Huayuan Zhang Hu Hui Bing Female Zhou Rui Li Muwan Zhou Ru Hongdie Li Qian Mei Qing Yi Leng Sheng Friends Situ Nan Qing Shui Liu Mei Li Qian Mei Antagonistic All-Seer Teng Huayuan Sun Dazhu Daoist Water Lian Daozhen Su Dao Yan Leizi Universe Cultivation Sects Xuan Dao Sect Fighting Evil Sect Soul Refining Sect Heavenly Fate Sect Heng Yue Sect Cloud Sky Sect Blue Silk Clan Clans Wang Clan Teng Clan Tattoo Clan Forsaken Immortal Clan Moon Devourer Clan Scatter Thunder Clan Fire Sparrow Clan Locations Hou Fen Sea of Devils Heng Yue Sect Immortal Astral Continent Blue Pine Peaks Planet Qing Ling Planet Tian Yun Novel Data Author Novel Books Book 1 Book 2 Book 3 Book 4 Book 5 Book 6 Book 7 Book 8 List of Chapters Read RI Read RI MTL Must Read Again Community Editing Policies Stubbed Articles Popular Pages Wang Lin Master Flamespark Renegade Immortal All-Seer Li Muwan Qing Shui Liu Mei Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin Li Yuan Teng Xiu Xiu Master Flamespark/Image Gallery Master Flamespark Dao Realm Soul Formation Sign In Don't have an account? Create a Free Account Sign In Home Explore Saved Progress History Utilities More Advertisement Skip to content Xian Ni Wiki 2,218 pages Explore Main Page Discuss All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Characters Wang Lin Techniques Relationships Cultivation Items Fights Male Wang Hao Wang Zhuo Wang Ping Situ Nan Teng Huayuan Zhang Hu Hui Bing Female Zhou Rui Li Muwan Zhou Ru Hongdie Li Qian Mei Qing Yi Leng Sheng Friends Situ Nan Qing Shui Liu Mei Li Qian Mei Antagonistic All-Seer Teng Huayuan Sun Dazhu Daoist Water Lian Daozhen Su Dao Yan Leizi Universe Cultivation Sects Xuan Dao Sect Fighting Evil Sect Soul Refining Sect Heavenly Fate Sect Heng Yue Sect Cloud Sky Sect Blue Silk Clan Clans Wang Clan Teng Clan Tattoo Clan Forsaken Immortal Clan Moon Devourer Clan Scatter Thunder Clan Fire Sparrow Clan Locations Hou Fen Sea of Devils Heng Yue Sect Immortal Astral Continent Blue Pine Peaks Planet Qing Ling Planet Tian Yun Novel Data Author Novel Books Book 1 Book 2 Book 3 Book 4 Book 5 Book 6 Book 7 Book 8 List of Chapters Read RI Read RI MTL Must Read Again Community Editing Policies Stubbed Articles Popular Pages Wang Lin Master Flamespark Renegade Immortal All-Seer Li Muwan Qing Shui Liu Mei Recently Changed Pages Wang Lin Li Yuan Teng Xiu Xiu Master Flamespark/Image Gallery Master Flamespark Dao Realm Soul Formation Contents 1 Divine Abilities 1.1 Self-Created Divine Abilities 1.1.1 Original Spells 1.2 Celestial Spells 1.3 Forgotten Chapters 1.4 Vermilion Bird Divine Abilities 1.5 Ancient Order Spells 1.6 Other Divine Abilities 1.6.1 Restrictions Spells 1.6.2 Sword Divine Abilities 1.6.3 Spells with a Hint of the 3rd Step 2 Techniques 3 Abilities 4 Soul Nature 5 Avatars 6 Bloodlines in: Wang Lin Wang Lin/Techniques < Wang Lin 9 Sign In to Save Save Edit History Purge Talk (0) Overview Cultivation Items Techniques Relationships Fights Image Gallery Quotes This page is a list of Techniques Wang Lin practiced on his cultivation path. They define his cultivation, so a great part of his personality and innate self. Contents 1 Divine Abilities 1.1 Self-Created Divine Abilities 1.1.1 Original Spells 1.2 Celestial Spells 1.3 Forgotten Chapters 1.4 Vermilion Bird Divine Abilities 1.5 Ancient Order Spells 1.6 Other Divine Abilities 1.6.1 Restrictions Spells 1.6.2 Sword Divine Abilities 1.6.3 Spells with a Hint of the 3rd Step 2 Techniques 3 Abilities 4 Soul Nature 5 Avatars 6 Bloodlines 1/1 Skip Ad Continue watching after the ad Visit Advertiser website GO TO PAGE Divine Abilities [ ] Self-Created Divine Abilities [ ] Original Spells [ ] Title Chapter Donghua Expand Description Underworld River 604 Life and Death Domain manifestation. Karma Whip 731 Ep 147 With the help of Soul Lasher, Wang Lin tried to understand his Karma Domain. Karmic Cycle/Yin-Yang Symbol 850 Karma Domain manifestation, the left eye containing yang and the right eye containing yin. 18 Layers of Hell Reincarnation Realm 915 Using Life and Death Dao Underworld River and the Celestial Sealing Stamp to form his own reincarnation cycle. Sundered Night 988 Dao of Beginning and End/Creation(or Origin) and Extermination - (First Original Spell) Dao Domain 1163 True and False Domain. By intoning it, Wang Lin's eyes will change: the right eye containing lightning and the left eyes true/false making other lose control over themsleves and their items as they would seem to have entered a state between real and fa nightmare as hallucinations will appear, making them not be able to distinguish between real and fake. Controls Real and Unreal. Star of Law 1221 Fusion of life and death, karma domains, and fire and thunder mark. Flowing Time 1245 Dao of Time - (Second Original Spell) Dream Dao 1295 Dao Spell - (Third Original Spell) Rain and Wind World 1322 Fusion of Call of The Wind and Summon The Rain spell also Celestial Stamp. Store All Ji Thunder 1368 Wang Lin's own 7th type of accompanying thunder. Bloodline Thunder 1368 Wang Lin's own 8th type of accompanying thunder. Defying Thunder 1368 Wang Lin's own 9th type of accompanying thunder, never having appeared since beginning of time. Formed via defying will. Karma Print 1614 Dao of Karma - (Fourth Original Spell) Life and Death Seal 1616 Dao of Life and Death - (Fifth Original Spell) True and False Eternal Seal 1617 Dao of True and False - (Sixth Original Spell) Undying Ancient Finger 1639 The Ancient Undying Finger condensed the power of the three ancient clans into one fingery. It used Undying Immortal Body as the inspiration. While it possessed a terrifying offensive power, it also had a terrifying recovery ability. - (Seventh Original Spell) Unnamed Wheel Formation 1667 The Unnamed Wheel Formation was the formation Wang Lin put up in place of the Realm-Sealing Formation . It could be considered an upgraded version of his Life-Death, Karma, True-False Wheel Formation . The Unnamed Wheel Formation would function as a seal that would stop all Outer Realm cultivators from entering the Inner Realm while not restricting the entrance of Joss Flames into the Inner Realm which was the Realm-Sealing Formation biggest flaw or function. Firstly, he called for the treasure spirits of all the treasures that were destroyed in the past 100 years of war to fuse with the formation and become eternal. Secondly, he called for the souls of all the cultivation planets that were destroyed in the past 100 years of war to fuse with the formation and become eternal. Thirdly, he gathered the soul fragments of the countless Outer Realm cultivators that died in the Inner Realm and forced them to become slaves that would push the wheel forever. Fourthly, he beseeched the resting souls of all the Inner Realm cultivators that died during the previous wars and the current war and asked them to become the formation's immortal formation spirit and be worshipped by generations of Inner Realm cultivators. Blood Lines Rules 1715 Restriction Essence Undying Ancient Body 1728 It is akin to the Undying Ancient Finger, but on the scale of his entire body. Heart-Pounding Thunder 1777 He comprehended this spell in the last layer of Ancient Graveyard by fusing the spell with his fire and thunder essence power. Extreme Land Dao 2063 He comprehended his own last three Eight Extreme Daos in the 5th Heaven-Trampling bridge. This is the first of them. Extreme Sky Dao 2063 The second of his self-comprehended last Eight Extreme Daos. Extreme Life Dao 2063 The final of the last three Eight Extreme Daos he comprehended. Can also be translated as Extreme Fate Dao or Extreme Command(?) Dao. One Step To Trample the Heavens 2064 Heaven-Trampling Dao. Comprehended on the 5th bridge. Celestial Spells [ ] Title Chapter Donghua Expand Description War Spirit Print 299 Discovered this war spirit palm by looking at a massive palm print on the entrance door of Rain Celestial Realm . Later comprehended it himself. The Spell absorbs surrounding laws to create a massive palm-shaped spell that grows stronger the longer it form. 1542 (Upgraded) This War Spirit Print was not just a spell but a Dao Spell. There were three sources of power inside this palm. If all three were used, three palms would descend to kill the body, origin soul, and soul at the same time! Finger of Death 482 103 Incomplete Low Quality Celestial Spell taught by Situ Nan Demonic Finger 483 103 Nine Cycle Celestial Refining Tactic 493 106 An imitation of a low quality celestial spell, Nine Cycle Celestial Refining Tactic created by the All-Seer Underworld Finger 500 Ep 103 Incomplete Low Quality Celestial Spell taught by Situ Nan Celestial Slaughter Art 504 Ep 107 Celestial Spell Wang Lin obtain from Grey-robed All-Seer. Condense life force from slaughters into life seals to protect the user, it won't dissipate unless the last life seal got destroyed. Later Wang Lin found out this spell was incomplete because after obtaining an exact ten million life seals, the seal would envelop the user into a true-life seal Void Stop Spell 627 Ep 126 Command the law to entangle the target to stop for a few seconds, will backslash if the target has a higher cultivation level. Thunder Origin Spell 707 The Thunder Origin spell is a fragment of a low rank celestial spell. Absorb origin energy from thunder and quickly condense it into your own. Help reduce the time one stays at the Yin and Yang stage. Call the Wind 783 First three of the six Celestial Emperor Bai Fan Call the Wind: Summon a black wind that turns into dragons with a maximum of 9 dragons, All dragons will be condensed to a spear after reaching the limit of this spell. Summon the Rain: Fuse Call the Wind dragons into a cloud that drops black crystal rain. After the spell reaches the limit, all rain will merge into one drop of blue crystal that contains powerful destructive force. Magic Arsenal: Spell that stores all souls of enemies the user had killed through their lifetime. Wang Lin used his Life and Death domain Underworld River as a catalyst to bind the souls into Celestial Sealing Stamp to form 18 Layers of Hell Reincarnation Realm. Summon the Rain 914 Magic Arsenal 919 Nether Guide 949 Spell taught by Qing Shui, this spell condenses all memories of the persons the user killed recently to open a portal that lead-up to those persons had ever been before. Mountains Crumble 1105 One of later three Celestial Emperor Bai Fan Spell, summoning illusionary volcanoes then fusing them into a real volcano and crumbling it, with a limit of two crumble for each volcano and a maximum of six mountains (Qing Shui). Falling Star 1119 Summons starlight that swarming the area. Body Formation 1125 Create an avatar made of rock and part of the origin soul that lasts for 10 days. Heaven Extinction 1307 The origin souls of all the cultivators one has killed are devoured, and their flesh and blood absorbed to become nutrients for the user to recover. Heaven Reversal Stamp 1320 Flip the sky to become earth and the sky will become the strongest stamp! Spirit Void Spell ( Dao Master Blue Dream 's Spells) Light and Shadow Shield 1321 A defensive spell that creates a light made of every vitality in the world. Dao Fusion 1322 This is not an attack or defense spell, but a dao spell that fuses your spell with your essence in a special way. If you can learn this spell, you can fuse all your spells and make them into tens of millions of different ones, or all fused into one. - (Dao Spell) ( Dao Master Blue Dream 's Spell) Fog Transformation Thunder Spell 1336 Giant Thunder Stamp Dao of Power 1403 Rebound Force, Black Tortoise method taught by second Vermillion Bird Emperor. Open the Ancient Thunder Realm 1417 This was the spell of the Scatter Thunder Clan’s head elder. Seven-Colored Lance 1543 The seven-colored light contained the power of emotions. When it appeared, it seemed to be able to affect the emotions of anyone who saw it. It was similar to Ethereal Fire, but Wang Lin felt that it was far stronger than Ethereal Fire! (Dao Spell) Taught by a certain madman . Li Guang’s Heaven Shattering Bow Dao Taught by a certain madman . (Dao Spell) Three Life Spell 1713 It split soul, origin soul, and body into three parts. Extreme Fire Dao 1826 Wang Lin imitates this spell when trying to devour Green Bull's main fire vein. Later he comprehends it completely after passing the 11th floor of Empyrean Trial. Soul Eye Dao 1831 Great Soul Sect's divination spell, it was a half part of the Mourning Death Clan Dao divination spell. Soul Fantasy Origin 1837 Great Soul Sect's spell to summon first Ancestor power. Multi-Layered Illusion Spell 1853 Great Soul Sect main spell, it has nine level Rapid Spell Art 1867 This art walked an extreme path and allowed one to cast spells at a terrifying degree. The key was opening up nine spell veins in one’s body. Every spell vein would increase one’s casting speed greatly. The so-called spell vein was the name the Rapid Spell Arts use. In truth, it was a special method used with the cost of sealing to speed up the rate of casting spells. Got after killing Xu Decai from the Green Devil Continent. Extreme Water Dao 1958 Wang Lin comprehends this after passing the 12th floor of Empyrean Trial. Extreme Metal Dao 2034 (Revealed) Wang Lin comprehends this during the Empyrean Trial. Extreme Wood Dao Extreme Earth Dao Extreme Life and Death Dao Forgotten Chapters [ ] Heavenly Fate Finger - Chapter 1156 Lands Collapse ( Bai Fan 's Spell) - Chapter 1582 Dark Moon, Clear Skies ( Bai Fan 's Spell) - Chapter 1582 Vermilion Bird Divine Abilities [ ] Title Chapter Expand Description Vermillion Bird Spirit 1021 (1st Awakening) Red Vermillion appears when Wang Lin absorbs Ming Hai's Burn The Heaven flames and undergoes the first awakening. 1068 (2nd Awakening) Evolved into White Vermillion Bird when undergoes a second awakening after absorbing Devilish Flames , Fire Dragon, and Flame Dragon. 1210 (3rd Awakening) Evolved into a Blue Vermilion Bird after absorbing vermillion bird feather and later devouring the ancestral spirit of the youth of the Fire Sparrow Clan . 1409 Burned by the fire of karma his Blue Vermilion Bird turned into a Black Vermilion Bird. 1411 His Black Vermilion Bird turned into a 9-Colour Vermilion Bird. 1412 (4th Awakening) His 9-Colour Vermilion Bird, nine colours fused into one. Ethereal Fire. Nine Mysterious Transformations 1086 1089 (First Transformation) Fire Burn 1091 Rise Three Realm Flame Origin Nine Mysterious Spell, Fire escape 1127 ‘secret spell' 1403 This ‘secret spells’ was, in fact, stolen from the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, and Black Tortoise clans when the old ancestor could still move. After he brought it back, he called it the clan’s secret spell. This spell isn’t a spell, but a method for using force. Burning Realm Ancient Umbrella 1427 1543 (Upgraded) Dao Spell Ancient Order Spells [ ] Title Chapter Expand Description Ancient God Tactic 190 The essence of these Supernatural Power was one word, plunder! Plunder everything! Heaven Technique 192 Allow Wang Lin to go anywhere in Ancient God's body (Tu Si). Ancient Restrictions Heavenly Devil Sound 619 A spell Wang Lin learned from a Scattered Devil's armour, he got in Qing Lin 's Cave. Spirit Transformation 765 To enter a planet not to absorb spiritual energy but to surround oneself in spiritual energy and enter a dormant state. Unless one encounters another ancient god, no one else is able to detect it. Ancient God’s Weapon 941 God Slaying Spear Tu Si's Life Treasure God Slaying Seal Origin Ancient God, Borrowing the Power of the Ancestors 942 The origin Ancient God spell that borrows power from the ancestors that only the royal clan (Cave World) can use. Merit Spirit 1017 Steal the merit of the heavens, take the soul of the universe, gather the Ancient Order, eternal remembrance! The universe didn’t have a soul, but this ancient god spell could withdraw a will from it! This was an extremely powerful ancient god spell, but the amount of power it displayed depend on the power of the user. If a 9-star ancient god used Merit Spirit, they could not only extract the soul of the universe, they could even extract some of the laws of the world and use it to change the heavens! Tu Si's Trident Ancient God Treasure refined by Tu Si', could absorb spells. 100 Avatars 1271 Life Exchange 1278 God Punch 1312 Void 1314 8-star ancient god spell Mysterious God Star 1315 Demon Spell, Wind and Fire Mountain 1469 God Tremble, Army Formation 1476 Devil Dao, Life and Death Reverse Ancient Order, Life Transformation Spell 1515 This the Ancient Order life transformation spell. The rumored life transformation spell that the ancestors could only use three times in their lives. Immortal Dream 1675 A fusion of Dream of Ancient Times and Wang lin's Dream Dao spell. Wang Lin had studied Dream of Ancient Times, and although it was strong, it had limitations. Dream of Ancient Times was just the owner of the shield summoning everything he remembered and turning it into a dream to kill. However, the master of the shield had died and the dream was also dead, unable to change. Wang Lin’s own dream dao was inspirited by this. At this moment, he became the master of the shield and the master of this dream! When he became the master, his thoughts could change everything about the dream! Heaven-Ripping 1691 God, Demon, Devil, Ancient Dao, No Celestial! 1778 Three Spells have to be used in this order before this spell can be executed: God Tremble, Army Formation Demon Spell, The Fiery Wind Turns Into a Mountain Devil Dao, Life and Death Reversal Ancient Ancestor's finger attack 2033 Other Divine Abilities [ ] Restrictions Spells [ ] Title Chapter Donghua Expand Description Ancient Restrictions S1 EP31 Studying for total of seven years in the Land of the Ancient God Restrictions Mountain trial. Restriction Flags Refining Method S1 EP32 Wang Lin become the fourth person that successfully comprehended the Land of the Ancient God Restrictions Mountain trial. Tu Si then gave the refining method that explains the flag material made with inkstones, then put 99999 restrictions to complete it. Teleportation Restriction 493 S1 EP106 It uses the split second of time distortion that happens when one teleports. First, one seals themselves with this restriction so that in that one instant, they can use teleportation multiple times to produce a mysterious force. Then once the seal is released, all of the force explodes forth and creates a teleportation several times more powerful. 18 Plum Restriction 752 The 18 set of restrictions transform into statues. 18 Plum Restriction is something derived from the Annihilation Restriction. Annihilation Restriction 754 One of the four great restrictions. Obtained after inheriting half of restrictions heart from Li Yuan. Nine Deaths Perish Formation 829 Time Restriction 1223 It is one of the four great restrictions. Life and Death Restriction 1229 Ancient Soul Restriction 1697 Sword Divine Abilities [ ] Heavenly Chop - Chapter 685 10 Million Swords Deer Spells with a Hint of the 3rd Step [ ] Third Eye Spell - Chapter 734 Techniques [ ] Title Chapter Donghua Expand Description Attractive Force Technique 25 Ep 2 Three Techniques Recorded in the Three Stage of Qi Condensation These were considered one of the most basic immortal techniques and could be used as long as one had reached the first layer of Qi Condensation. Fireball Technique Earth Splitting Technique Disguising Technique 33 Can be used to hide your cultivation for a short period of time, unless the person is already at the Foundation Establishment stage. Memory Erasing Technique 78 Blood Refining Technique 80 Ep 5 Wang Lin create a Blood Symbol with the help of Situ Nan to help refine treasure faster with a disadvantage he will get hurt if the treasure got damaged. After the blood symbol appears he places it on the treasure, through repetition the process then will be complete. The treasure refined with this technique will be shrouded with blood aura and will get stronger the more people killed by it. Foundation Stealing Technique 84 Ep 7 Steals a person's foundation and talent, to instantly reach Foundation Establishment. Underworld Ascension Method 86 Ep 8 The Underworld Ascension Method is a technique used to allow a Demonic Cultivator to reach the Core Formation stage at the fastest speed known. It cultivates Yin Qi. The Ancient Underworld Ascension Method was one of the Ji Realm cultivation methods, what is actually used is a reorganized method with a slim chance of success. Yin Energy Detection Technique It was used to find a place with very strong Yin energy. The darker the color of the light, the closer he was to a place with extreme Yin energy. When the light was black, it meant he had found the place. Situ Nan had also explained that even among the same type of extreme Yin, there were four different qualities which were ordinary, good, dense, and extreme Yin. Divine Path 129 S1 EP26 This technique allow the cultivator to create an Avatar. The Avatar will help him breakthrough to Nascent Soul Stage. The only Drawback of the War God Shrine's Divine Path is the Avatar doesn't have cultivation and can only live 30 years. Wang Lin break the livespan drawback when he try to fuse the Avatar back to the Main Body, the Ji Realm conflict with the Avatar and remove the drawback. Earth Escape Technique 134 Ep 16 War God Shrine Refining Technique Ep 26 Devouring Technique 139 This was a very vicious formation called Heaven Devouring Demon Formation. The key ingredients were the bodies of cultivators to use as the base of the formation. Wang Lin used ten Foundation Establishment cultivators to set up this formation, so it wasn’t too big of a deal to trap a Core Formation cultivator for a while. If he had the bodies of Core Formation cultivators, then he would only need five to kill any mid stage or lower Core Formation cultivator. But this formation had a high requirement for the bodies. He had to have killed the people himself, making this formation very inconvenient to use. Illusionary circle 180 S1 EP32 This illusionary circle was a technique developed by Wang Lin to break restrictions. After seven years of research and improvement, he had mastered this technique. He didn’t even need to look with his eyes. By examining on the wave produced by the illusionary circle, he was able to understand the structure and rules of the restriction. Soul Searching Soul Flag Production Method 384 Soul Flag Production Method is the main cultivation method of the Soul Refining Sect . This method splits into three parts, Soul Refining, Soul Extracting, and Soul Sealing. Star Rotation 475 S1 EP103 Heavenly Devil Sound 625 Spatial Bending 770 Planet Soul Extraction 903 Ji Realm 1306 God Speed Divine Arts Abilities [ ] Blue Flames : Cold attribute flame from Underworld Ascension Method . - Chapter 121 Red Lightning : Wang Lin's Ji Realm Divine Sense. - Ch.127 Soul Piercing Eyes (Divine Sense Eyes) : These were the divine sense eyes that were only obtained once someone had reached a certain level of mastery in restrictions - Chapter 179 Heart of Slaughter - Chapter 574 Heart Restriction - Chapter 858 Eyes Suppressing the World (From the fragment of the sword the green-robed old man (Ji Si) had fused into his eyes) - Chapter 1896 Soul Nature [ ] Wang Lin's Soul contains the Soul-Devourer nature, Soul Gem. - Chapter 119 Soul Gem : Soul devourer with a soul gem could create wandering souls. - Chapter 193 He later obtained the form of an Ancient Thunder Dragon (Ancient Thunder Dragon was Greed 's Second Origin Soul but in the end, it was eaten by the soul-devourer form of Wang Lin) - Chapter 650 Heavenly Flame (absorb a bit of the Burn the Heavens spell) - Chapter 1021 Devilish Flames , Fire Dragon, and Flame Dragon (these three kinds of fire energy fused with the Vermilion Bird). - Chapter 1068 Wang Lin obtain a drop of Soul Blood from the Ancient Race Heavenly Blood Calamity to transform his soul into an Ancient Order Soul close to the Ancient Ancestor, close enough to be considered the the Ancient Ancestor's Fourth Child (the Three Children obtain 3 Soul Drop each and are the Founders of the 3 Ancient Country). “ Wang Lin’s origin soul still possed the characteristics of a soul devourer from back then. After fusing with the ancient thunder dragon, it became even more powerful. Also, he had cultivated for over 1,000 years, so his ruthlessness caused his origin soul to become extremely vicious. ” — Avatars [ ] Human/Celestial cultivating dao/qi . (Fused back with the Main Body when he obtained a strand of hair of the Immortal Ancestor ) - Chapter 211 Celestial Body (Mid Quality) (Former) - Chapter 424 Thunder Body (Former) - Chapter 719 Immortal Celestial Body - Chapter 1538 Ancient Demon cultivating demonic energy . (Fused back with the Main Body to become an Ancient One) - Chapter 1002 Ancient Devil cultivating devilish energy . (Fused back with the Main Body to become an Ancient One) Otherworldly Void Avatar - Chapter 1798 True Bodies Five Elements True Body Slaughter True Body Bloodlines [ ] Ancient Bloodline ( Ancient Clan ) C ommon Royal (Former) : Royal Blood in the Cave World mean that your bloodline purity is close to the Ancestor that left the Ancient Order Lineage in the Cave World . The Ancestor/ Ye Mo 's bloodline belongs to the High class so Wang Lin has a not so low bloodline but it's not the best because Ye Mo's original bloodline as an Ancient Clansman was common in the Ancient Clan's Imperial Family but with the 9 drop of blood and one drop of soul blood, he was able to obtain a bloodline higher than the Royal Bloodline. Ancestor : After completing the Three Destructions and Seven Tribulations of all three branches of the Ancient Clan, Wang Lin received two more drops of soul blood from the Ancient Ancestor's statue. In addition to the drop he received back in the Cave World, this transformed his bloodline to the level of the Ancient Ancestor 's son and was stated by members of the Ancient Clan to allow him to create his own Ancient Clan. Celestial Bloodline ( Celestial Clan ) Royal : Wang Lin was first given the Celestial Bloodline by Lian Daofei in the world of the Nether Beast. Later, Wang Lin obtains a Celestial Vein formed by the hair of the Celestial Ancestor allowing him to fuse celestial energy and ancient energy to a certain degree. Ancestor : Wang Lin later obtains the head of the Celestial Ancestor, which he refines into his Grand Empyrean Sun and is implied to have increased the quality of his bloodline as well. Categories Categories : Wang Lin [Configure Reference Popups] Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. 9 Comments Join the conversation Sign in to read what others are saying and share your thoughts. SIGN IN Don't have account? Register now Advertisement Recent Images Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Master Flamespark/Image Gallery 4 days ago Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Explore properties Fandom Fanatical GameSpot Metacritic TV Guide Honest Entertainment Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? Essentials About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Digital Services Act Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Do Not Sell My Personal Information Community Community Central Support Help Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Xian Ni Wikia is a Fandom Anime Community. View Mobile Site Search this wiki Search all wikis This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accept Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link. Privacy Policy Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Button Cookie List Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices 